Well, I think
that's... it's a little harsh.
Uh, well, tomorrow's Halloween.
I know.
Used to be my favorite holiday.
Because my dad, he would go all out
and make the most age-inappropriate costumes.
Yeah, I think I was in second
grade when I went as Monks the Scream.
Wow.
Yeah.
It was a choice.
But now my mom's getting
married that day, so I don't know.
I'll probably be my least favorite now.
What time is the wedding?
The night.
The witching hour.
Future stepdad's lame idea.
Well, why don't you come over earlier?
Uh, we could... I don't know.
We could order pizza and give out candy.
Only if you want to.
I mean, that's...
that's no... no pressure.
What's up with these creepy birds?
Birdwatching was my dad's passion.
Oh, I contacted that
vintage shop you love in Soho.
They've sent a few
potential wedding dresses.